 And now the Shipping Forecast, issued by the Met Office on behalf of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency at 1030 today. There are gale warnings for Viking, North Utsire, South Utsire, Forties, Cromarty, Forth, Irish Sea, Shannon, Rockall, Malin, Hebrides, Bailey, Fair Isle, Faeroes and Southeast Iceland. The General Synopsis at 0600: Low 200 miles west of Bailey 956, expected just west of Bailey 962, by 0600 tomorrow.. The Area Forecasts for the next 24 hours: Viking, North Utsire, South Utsire: Southeasterly 5 to 7, occasionally gale 8 until later, veering southerly or southwesterly 3 to 5.. Rain then showers.. Moderate or poor. Forties, Cromarty, Forth: South or southeast 5 to 7, occasionally gale 8 at first, veering southwest 4 to 6.. Rain then showers.. Moderate or good, occasionally poor at first. Tyne, Dogger, Fisher, German Bight, Humber: South or southeast, veering southwest, 4 to 6, occasionally 7 for a time.. Rain for a time.. Good, occasionally poor. Thames, Dover: South 2 to 4, veering southwest 4 to 6.. Rain for a time.. Good, occasionally moderate. Wight, Portland, Plymouth: South veering southwest 4 to 6, occasionally 7 at first.. Occasional rain, then showers.. Moderate or poor, occasionally good later. Biscay: South veering west, 3 to 5.. Rain in north.. Good, occasionally moderate in north. Fitzroy: Southwesterly veering westerly 4 to 6, occasionally 3 in south.. Rain then showers.. Moderate or poor, occasionally good later. Sole, Lundy, Fastnet: Southwest 4 to 6, veering west 5 to 7.. Showers.. Moderate. Irish Sea, Shannon: Southwesterly 5 to 7, occasionally gale 8 in north.. Showers.. Moderate, occasionally poor. Rockall, Malin, Hebrides: Southwest veering west, 6 to gale 8, occasionally severe gale 9 for a time.. Rain or thundery showers.. Moderate or poor. Bailey: Southerly veering westerly 7 to severe gale 9, becoming cyclonic 3 to 5 in north.. Rain or thundery showers.. Moderate or poor. Fair Isle, Faeroes: South or southeast 6 to gale 8, occasionally severe gale 9 at first, then decreasing 5 at times later.. Rain then showers.. Moderate or poor. Southeast Iceland: Easterly 6 to gale 8, decreasing 5 for a time.. Rain.. Moderate or poor. Trafalgar: North 4 to 6.. Fair.. Good.. And that's the Shipping Forecast.